Add blog post for episode 12 (#331)
publiccodenet/blog: _posts/2022-03-03-episode-twelwe-of-lets-talk-about-public-code.md

---
title: "Episode twelve of Let's talk about public code! - Stephen Musoke and Johnblack Kabukye"
date: 2022-03-03
author: Jan Ainali
type: blogpost
excerpt: The newest episode of our podcast is available
categories:
  - news
---

# Episode twelve of Let's talk about public code!

> In this twelfth episode we talked to Stephen Musoke and Johnblack Kabukye, both working with open source in the health sector in Uganda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this twelfth episode we talked to Stephen Musoke and Johnblack Kabukye, who both work with open source in the health sector in Uganda.
```

> This episode focuses on how open source codebases enable them to address the needs they have with costs and sovereignty being deciding factors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This episode focuses on how open source codebases enable them to address the needs they have, with costs and sovereignty being deciding factors.
```
